Magento 2.2.11 Release Notes (#6427)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.2/release-notes/release-notes-2-2-11-commerce.md

<!--- MC-18711  -->

*  Magento now correctly processes product prices during export when the **All Store Views** scope is set. Previously, the logic for updating the price of custom options in non-default websites was missing when the **Catalog** > **Price** setting was set to **Website**.

### Indexing

<!--- MC-18631  -->

*  The Tier Price REST API now considers account indexer mode as expected.

### Infrastructure

Magento 2.2.11 has not been tested with PHP 7.1. PHP 7.1 reached EOL (End of Life) on December 1, 2019. We recommend updating your deployment to a supported version of PHP. See [Magento 2.2 technology stack requirements](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.2/install-gde/system-requirements-tech.html) for information about supported versions.

### Payment methods

<!--- MC-19773  -->

*  You can now successfully complete an order using Braintree with PayPal when Shipping Flat Rate is activated. Previously, Magento displayed an informative error.

<!--- MC-18283  -->

> *  The Saved Credit Card Feature with Vault feature now displays accurate card information in the order information page as expected for orders paid for with Payflow Pro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  For orders paid with Payflow Pro, if the **Vault Enabled** option is set to Yes, Magento now displays accurate stored card information as expected on the order information page.
```
